Mr. Zhao, come here
Mr. Zhao, how are you?
I'm too late to attend your engagement ceremony
Haha, Mr. Zhao, you are welcome.
This is Chu Chu
Mr. Zhao, you are mistaken.
I am Mr. Fan's secretary, Su Wanqing
truth
It's so fragrant hahahaha oh oh oh
He and my wife are so fragrant, Secretary Su
How old are you this year?
Ah, how are your parents in the 20s?
Hum him
His parents passed away when he was very young
I grew up alone oh oh oh
Haha, that little girl, you are
Ah!
Mr. Zhao, you are so interested in Secretary Su
Let's stop talking standing up
Let's sit and talk
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Come, come, sit, sit, sit.
Mr. Zhao
Zhao Dong Zhao Dong Zhao Dong
Ah hahaha hey
Su Mi Book
In your hand is
Uh birthmark, yeah
It's a birthmark.
How can there be the exact same birthmark? Is it?